
In the chapter *Robots: Asleep, Awake, Alone, and in Love*, the author introduced several works of performing robots to argue about the issue of relationship between human beings and robots, subjects and objects. Specifically, the author regarded these works as new opportunities to consider Human Robot Interaction (HRI), which provides context to talk about object kinship and empathy.

I am very impressed by the perplex philosophical arguments behind these performing robot projects. It makes me reconsider, as a student studying performing robots, what kind of robots I want to build and what reactions I expect from the audience. The discussion around anthropomorphism gives an insight into the importance of the appearance of robots. Indeed, in performance, an activity that requires motional, verbal, and emotional expressions, whether the robots look like human beings has less importance when the intention of performance is to entertain or even engage people. The message delivered and its way of delivery are worth more attention. *Fish - Bird* is a very good example, and is my favorite among all these projects. As the artist changed the appearances both Fish and Bird, its message of love, intimacy, affection remained the same. Also using a printer to print messages and hand written love letters is an critical part of the project that makes the two machinic objects potential subjects. They communicate between each other and between the audience; they express their feelings and love to each other as human beings do. Whatever form the Fish and Bird are in, they are making people empathize with the "robotic love".

However, after reading the entire chapter, although my understanding about the relationship between humans and machines is clearer, I think that the fundamental question - or motivation - remains unclear. Why is it so important for performing robots to emotionally engage people in their performances? As argued by the author, "performance is the ideal laboratory in which to experiment with the ways in which the power relations between humans and non-humans might evolve in a society described by Braidotti as 'beyond metaphorization'". But where does the question of the power relations between humans and non-humans originate? Do people have an absolute power to robots as it is humans that create and code robots? Furthermore, what about other human activities, especially ones that involve creativity? Are they not even better laboratories to experiment this as they require even a higher level of autonomy and intectual? These questions are even more complex and intriggering, especially considering the ontologies of robots as in this chapter.
