This article introduces the development of *puppotics*, physical performing agents combining artificial intelligence, robotics, and puppetry. While most of the current non-human performing agents are acting on screen or audio with no physical forms, the authors of this article are developing physical robotic performing agents RoboWoggles based on the virtual ones called The Woggles. With the abilities to communicate between the agents, the director, and the audience, RoboWoggles aim at autonomously acting to entertain people with some external directions (the director).

The development of RoboWoggles exemplifies and illustrates some of the defitions of robots and performances discussed in class. As performing agents, RoboWoggles are designed to entertain audience. Specifically, the developers design the robots to be able to carry out their own parts individually based on the overral directions from the director. In other words, these performing robots eventually have to improvise themselves based on the communications within the performing agents and with the director and the audience. This requires communication of very high efficiency and accuracy. The authors also mention that it is their future work to make such communication possible and reliable. This makes me reconsider if the robots are better or more perfect than human beings in terms of such improvised performances as we mentioned in class. Admittedly, human beings cannot always have the best performance even after rehearsals and practice while machines are better at acting out the preset behavior without making mistakes. Miscommunications or just nervousness of human beings can interrupt the entire performance. However, some improvisions to remedy for the mistakes can be the best part of the performance. Will robots always have accurate communications when they are designed to carry out some improvisions autonomously? Will they be able to interact with each other promptly and in time? Will they make up for their mistakes instantly if any? Do they know how to react if any accidents happen based on their algorithms and machine learning? In this sense, it is not easy to determine whther robots will be better performing agents than human beings especially when improvising as RoboWoggles are aimed at. Therefore, this article makes consider the abilities of robots compared to human beings in the context of 

As the authors mentioned in the article, the development is still in progress and serves as a starting point for future explorations about more complex plots and interactions. The technical difficulties faced by the developers of RoboWoggles can be the keys to solutions to the more advanced technology issues of robotic communications. I believe that with the emergence of puppotics like RoboWoggles, autonomous robots as performing agents will be more and more common and utilized to entertain people in more diverse occassions.
