This article is exceptional interesting. It is still dealing with the questions that we have been discussing for weeks. It also points out that robot performances can be the laboratory for future human-robot interactions. Importantly, this article provide much more insights into several specific aspects of such laboratory. Besides the discussion around the issue of the human-like appearance of robots, this article mentions two points that I find most interesting.

The first point is about the connection between human beings and robots. Through the mirroring process, it seems that the robots are also controlling us while we control them. I have alway been convinced that human-like robots are desinged to imitate humans, but this makes me realize that while they are programmed to imitate humans, they might also physically and emotionally control us. Physically, through the interaction with audience, the robot can mirror the actions of the audience. Looking on the other side, the audience is making these actions just in oder to see what the robot can do. The robot is the reason why these people act in certain ways; in other words, human beings act for the robots. Emotionally, the article also points out that robots can easily elicit human emotions, even more easily than humans can do. People are just amazed and fanscinated by the simple movements by robots. In this sense, both human movements and emotions can be controlled by performing robots. Therefore, it is critical to discuss this before more and more robots enter our life.

Another idea that is interesting to me is that building robot is actually a way to better understand how human works. By creating something that is similar to us, with biological trait and physical movement, we can better understand how different parts of human body work together to create fluent harmonic movements that allow our daily life. Trying to build something similar to the organic body of humans is actually a process to reflect on the mechanisms of ourselves. This is especially interesting when considering the relationship between human and robots. Is it fair to say that robots are actually more "human" than human beings? Is it possible that we actually can a better version of us in robots?
