Challenges:

Firstly, balancing the speed of both wheels is hard when the weight is built upon the robot. The two wheels don't work in the same way when same power is applied. We have to give different voltages to each wheel so that they can move at the same speed to allow the robot to move straightly forward and backward. It is even harder to find a balanced voltage when we try to code for the robot's turning. Making a turn needs the two wheels to spin at different speeds, which again needs to adjust the voltage. It took us some time to make sure that the two wheels spinning as expected. When we tested it on the ground, one of the wheels actually fell apart from the motor but we did not notice it. We thought it was the error related to the code, but it turned out that we only needed to fix the wheel. There were many such detailed aspects that we had to take care of when trying to control the robot using the controller.

Secondly, controlling the robot is really hard even though we built it ourselves. We set three channels to speed, direction, and turning, repectively. It takes practice to master the speed control and turning control. Also we realized that it was hard to turn the robot around with our settings if only one person is controlling. We have to make the robot stop before we can set the turning. But the benefit of doing this is that we have a wide range of speech option. Therefore, our robot might be optimal for the actions that are not really intense and continuous, but segmented instead.

Generally obeservations:

With this simple robot, we find it difficult to accompany traditional speech with its simple movement. The delivery and content of traditional kind of speech are generally abstract and informative. They can be better accompanied by facial expressions or body movements, such as human's. With this simple motion robot, it is hard to achieve what we expect. Instead, we realize that it is possible to go along with speech that is already related to movement. such as the soccer commentary that we use. For such speech, the movement itself is the core and actually gives strength to the speech. Not only is the commentator commenting the player, but also the player's action is what makes the speech of the commentator powerful and exciting. Without the actual action of the player, the commentary would be plain and meaningless. Therefore, we choose to make our robot the soccer player to accompany the commentary that was used with the famous play Leo Messi. And it turns out to be surprising. Even though our robot cannot completely replicate what Messi did, but it seems that our robot is trying to imitate him as much as possible when we control it. What it shows, instead of human's flexibility, is a kind of mechanical rigidity. But it surprisingly works well with the commentary in terms of reinforcing the excitement in the commentator's speech. It is very astonishing to see that robots can actually induce people's emotions when its behavior is not exactly human-like.

For the readings:

This reading reminds me of the question asked in the presentation in the last class - what makes a human being? This reading material provides a very interesting perspective to the question with a naturalist view. While the human is an objective being, it also subjectively perceives the world. With the robotic character of Ikumi, this theatrical drama connects the humanist world and posthumanist world. This play is especially trying to engage the audience to ponder if the robot Ikumi should be considered an independent being or simply a replacement or continuation of human Ikumi. The audience gets confused. This is actually deepening what has been discussed in previous readings: performing can be a good laboratory for future exploration of human-robot interaction. More than interaction, this play and the reading both touch a further question, which is that how robot would end up without human beings when they are so closely connected in the future. This shows an even more important function of performance in terms of human and robots. The performance not only tests the possibilities of human-robot interaction, but also looks for solutions for potential posthuman world.

As the author of this chapter mentions in the conclusion that he would be convinced that robot Ikumi is an autonomous agent on stage and both humans and robots are in the posthumanist world if he sees the play. Would you also be convinced that such a robotic version of a human is an autonomous agent? Can such robot performers or characters on stage actually put the human actors in the place of posthumanist world? Is it true that human actors are actually controlled by robots to some extent on stage? If it's true, should the audience feel empathetic to human actors, robot actors, both, or neither?
